Fix linting issues (#145)
EGI-Foundation/documentation: content/en/providers/cloud-compute/_index.md

type: "docs"
---

This documentation covers how to join the EGI Cloud federation as a provider. If
you are interested in joining please first contact EGI operations team

> (`operations _at_ egi.eu`), expressing interest and providing few details about:

Reviewer: So at various places we have real email, like for the support page where we have:
```markdown
[support@egi.eu](mailto:support@egi.eu)
```
We probably want to have a coherent way of dealing with this.
I'm quite fine with having the real emails, they are probably already here and there on the net.

Author: Fixed

- the projects you may be involved in as cloud provider

> - the user communities you want to support (a.k.a. Virtual Organisations, VO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the user communities you want to support (AKA Virtual Organisations, VO).
```

AKA seems to be more frequent: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/AKA#English
